the risk of an electrician's generally depend on other people. You were
working, um, in two pairs, right? So there could be a lot of times
that, um, someone's working on some kind of electrical equipment, and
you have to trust that they did their job correctly. You're putting
your hands in some breakers, and you're not gonna have all the electrician's
all check the same exact panel, right? So you just have
to depend on them to do their job correctly s so that you don't get
electrocuted. For the most part, I I didn't really trust too much that
that's just a general, um, general thing with me, because I I've
seen some some shady stuff in the past, and I just tend to not trust
so much. But, uh, there's a point, you know, there's a point that,
you know, what if they're all the panels are off and you're going inside?
Hey, you know what? Like the person is not going to turn this
thing on, right? The danger tags are all correctly written, right? Um,
the person that actually read the tag correctly, right? Those are
all trainings that we've had in the past. So You just have to assume
that, um they read it correctly. They did their job correctly. Uh,
they're gonna operate the equipment correctly. And now you are, uh,
piggybacking off of that and and continue the work based on what they
did.